In this course you'll learn a lot about JavaScript.
Now what if I were to tell you that there is no programming language closely related to JavaScript which
is all the worth knowing.
And that is typescript.
Now don't worry it's not a brand new language you have to learn instead typescript is a language which
does not run in browsers which does not run a node J.S..
So it's not like Javascript when it comes to that but instead it's a language which builds up on javascript
which has to be compiled down to java script with help of a tool which we're going to install and which
adds new features to javascript to make javascript development easier maybe more fun but definitely
also cleaner and helps you write cleaner code.
So in this module we'll have a look at what exactly typescript is and how it works how you can use it
and how it looks like and you will then also see why you might want to use it how to write typescript
code that it's not that different compared to JavaScript and how you can utilize it for your projects.